feat: Security and Risk item list filters HRZ-182 (#1741)
codacy/docs: docs/organizations/managing-security-and-risk.md

To access the item list, access the [dashboard](#dashboard) and click the **Review** button under the area of interest, based on the desired filtering.

When viewing the item list:

> -   To update the filtering criteria, click the **Status** dropdown or the **Priority** dropdown above the list.

Reviewer: Possible simplification to avoid repeating "[drop-down](https://grammarhow.com/dropdown-drop-down-or-drop-down/)". :wink: 

```suggestion
-   To update the filtering criteria, click the **Status** or **Priority** drop-downs above the list.
```

> -   To find out more about an item, click its **Details** column. This redirects you to a filtered view of the **Repository issues** page, showing only the item of interest.

Author: ```suggestion
-   To find out more about an item, click its **Details** column. This redirects you to a filtered view of the **Repository issues** page, showing only the item of interest.<!-- TODO Depending on which feature is released first, this may need to change to take into account items coming from other integrations such as Jira -->
```
